While it is technically possible to complete both the BS and MS in 4 years,
there are some issues to consider...

First, you would need to complete all the requirements for the BS by the
end of the fall term in your senior year and graduate with a BS a semester
early, your BS degree would be conferred the following February.

But in addition to that, you would also have to have completed an
additional 15 points of 4000-level or above coursework (that was NOT used
for the BS and would satisfy elective or core requirements for the MS) so
those 15 points could be transferred to the MS degree with advanced
standing.  This means you would need a minimum of 143 points by the end of
the fall term in your senior year and you would enroll as an MS student
that spring and to complete the MS, you would need to register for an
additional 15 points of 4000-level or above coursework that satisfy the MS
degree requirements.

If you do all this, there is still a housing issue to consider...you will
lose your undergraduate housing at the end of the fall term of your senior
year because you will have completed all the requirements for the BS by
then and will not be eligible to remain there during the spring term
because you will be a graduate student.  And since graduate student housing
is in very short supply, that means you would have to make your own
arrangements for housing during your last semester that spring.

It is not possible for you to get both degrees at the same time (getting
the BS and MS in May since the BS is required for the MS and we don't have
a combined BS/MS program in this department,) so you wouldn't be able to
stay in your undergraduate housing by putting off getting the BS until May.

If you want to get both degrees in 4 years, you will also need to apply to
the MS in applied math for Spring admission during the fall term of your
senior year and if you are not admitted to the MS for some reason, you
would only be able to delay your BS degree until May if you didn't meet all
the requirements to graduate with the BS by the end of the fall term or if
you withdraw your application for the BS degree, but then would still need
to be a full-time student that spring (even if you didn't need all the
points to graduate.)

Something else to keep in mind is that you can't double-count courses, so
even though some courses are required for both the BS and the MS (ex APMA
E4300, APMA E4101 etc) that doesn't mean you can count one course for both
degrees, it would have to be one or the other.  And the same goes for
technical electives, meaning you couldn't count a 4000-level or above
course as both a technical elective for the BS and then also use that same
course through advanced standing for the MS.

So in order to do this in 4 years, you will need to have completed 143
points by the end of the fall term of your senior year and 158 points by
the end of that spring term.  Please let me know if you have any other
questions.
